Add environment variables documentation (#11550)
metabase/metabase: docs/operations-guide/environment-variables.md

# Environment variables

> Settings in Metabase are created using a custom macro, `defsetting`. This macro helps to create a Settings model that will be cached and stored in the Database model, viewed/modified from the SuperAdmin page, and automagically creates a corresponding environment variable that can be used (by default) to override that setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Settings in Metabase are created using a custom macro, `defsetting`. This macro helps to create a Settings model that will be cached and stored in the Database model, viewed/modified from the Admin Panel, and automagically creates a corresponding environment variable that can be used (by default) to override that setting.
```

We usually call this the Admin Panel

> These environment variables, if defined, will prevent the corresponding setting from being changed in the SuperAdmin page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These environment variables, if defined, will prevent the corresponding setting from being changed in the Admin Panel.
```
